Create liveblocks app updates for integrations (#649)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/guides/nextjs-starter-kit.mdx

## Set up the Next.js Starter Kit

### create-liveblocks-app

You can get started by running the following command:

```shell
npx create-liveblocks-app@latest --next
```

This will run an installer that allows you to download, configure, and deploy, your project:

<Figure>
  <video autoPlay loop muted playsInline>
    <source
      src="/images/docs/next-js-starter-kit/create-liveblocks-app.mp4"
      type="video/mp4"
    />
  </video>
</Figure>

> Give your project a name, and select the [authentication](#authentication) method you’d like to use in your app.

Reviewer: Suggesting replacing lines 52-66 with this block (you cant make a suggestion over deleted lines that is why I am mentioning this here).    I'd also consider adding a video for Vercel deployment but that is your call @CTNicholas. attaching one to main PR if you think it makes sense lmk and i'll add it.
```suggestion
Give your project a name, and select the [authentication](#authentication) method you’d like to use in your app.
If you are trying to generate a proof of concept quickly, opting to use demo authentication may be a great option- and you can still add other authentication providers later on.

#### Deploy with Vercel Integration
If you would like to set up CICD with your application, we've made that process straightforward for you as well.  When prompted, you can select "deploy to Vercel" to enable building and deploying the starter kit. The Vercel Integration will open in a new browser window for you to complete the process of adding your repository. If by clicking "Create" you recieve "An unexpected internal error occurred" you should validate within your code hosting platofrom of choice (Github, GitLab, Bitbucket) that the Vercel integration has permission to access your repository.  In Github, permissions can be found can be found under Settings > Integrations > Vercel. 

#### Connect to Liveblocks and retrieve your secret key
 If you prefer to work locally, you can tell the installer you would not like to "deploy to Vercel."  After declining the deployment option, the installer will prompt adding your Liveblocks Key to the application automatically.  If you forwent deployment or indicated that you would like to get your Liveblocks secret key automatically, the Liveblocks integration page will open in a new browser tab. 

Once the integration page appears, you can sign up/sign in to Liveblocks, create a new project, and import your API key into the installer.

<Figure>
  <video autoPlay loop muted playsInline>
    <source
      src="/images/docs/next-js-starter-kit/create-liveblocks-project.mp4"
      type="video/mp4"
    />
  </video>
</Figure>

After finishing up, check the installer and follow the commands recommended to get you started.
```

Reviewer 2: CICD should be CI/CD

## Set up the Next.js Starter Kit

### create-liveblocks-app

You can get started by running the following command:

```shell
npx create-liveblocks-app@latest --next
```

This will run an installer that allows you to download, configure, and deploy, your project:

<Figure>
  <video autoPlay loop muted playsInline>
    <source
      src="/images/docs/next-js-starter-kit/create-liveblocks-app.mp4"
      type="video/mp4"
    />
  </video>
</Figure>

Give your project a name, and select the [authentication](#authentication) method you’d like to use in your app.
If you are trying to generate a proof of concept quickly, opting to use demo authentication may be a great option—you can still add other authentication providers later on.

#### Deploy with Vercel Integration

> If you would like to set up CI/CD with your application, we've made that process straightforward for you as well.  When prompted, you can select "deploy to Vercel" to enable building and deploying the starter kit. The Vercel Integration will open in a new browser window for you to complete the process of adding your repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to set up CI/CD with your application, we’ve made that process straightforward for you as well. When prompted, you can select "deploy to Vercel" to enable building and deploying the starter kit. The Vercel Integration will open in a new browser window for you to complete the process of adding your repository.
```

Double spaces @taylorpwhipp and curly apostrophe. Can you make they're all checked?

Reviewer 2: I fixed them to approve the PR

Author: Thanks!
